README.md, before:

# animals

This repository contains a collection of API descriptions for a hypothetical
division of an enterprise that uses API Hub. This "fauna" division has a
number of synthetically generated APIs associated with animals in various
stages of their life cycles. All of these APIs will be proxied in a single
Apigee X organization and tracked in an API Hub instance alongside APIs from at
least one other hypothetical division.

## About the APIs

APIs are generated from a list in the `animals.yaml` file. This list was
generated with [Bard](https://bard.google.com) using a series of questions:

- "Give me a list of animals, one for each letter of the alphabet"
- "Can you also include the class, number of legs, weight, and lifespan of
  each?"
- "Can you format that as YAML?"

The generated APIs all have the same structure as the
[Petstore](https://apigee-apihub-demo/petstore) API, but that may change as
this example develops.

APIs are stored in the [apis](/apis) directory and can be regenerated by
running [cmd/generate-animal-apis](/cmd/generate-animal-apis).

## A sample API server

[cmd/animals-server](/cmd/animals-server) contains a small server for these
APIs.

## Disclaimer

This demonstration is not an officially supported Google product.

## License

Unless otherwise specified, all content is owned by Google, LLC and released
with the Apache license.

Commit message:

Add screenshots of configured API Hub views to the README (#13)

README.md, after:

# animals

This repository contains a collection of API descriptions for a hypothetical
division of an enterprise that uses API Hub. This "fauna" division has a
number of synthetically generated APIs associated with animals in various
stages of their life cycles. All of these APIs will be proxied in a single
Apigee X organization and tracked in an API Hub instance alongside APIs from at
least one other hypothetical division.

## About the APIs

APIs are generated from a list in the `animals.yaml` file. This list was
generated with [Bard](https://bard.google.com) using a series of questions:

- "Give me a list of animals, one for each letter of the alphabet"
- "Can you also include the class, number of legs, weight, and lifespan of
  each?"
- "Can you format that as YAML?"

The generated APIs all have the same structure as the
[Petstore](https://apigee-apihub-demo/petstore) API, but that may change as
this example develops.

APIs are stored in the [apis](/apis) directory and can be regenerated by
running [cmd/generate-animal-apis](/cmd/generate-animal-apis).

## Configuring API Hub

The YAML files in the [apis](/apis) directory include labels, annotations,
and artifacts that configure displays in API Hub. For example, here are
views corresponding to [apis/aardvarks/info.yaml](/apis/aardvarks/info.yaml):
![image](https://github.com/apigee-apihub-demo/animals/assets/405/2d8bc4e8-1bb6-4332-8d4a-fb435c70bcef)
![image](https://github.com/apigee-apihub-demo/animals/assets/405/ced6a570-a875-456a-9de1-8435bcdf5abd)

## A sample API server

[cmd/animals-server](/cmd/animals-server) contains a small server for these
APIs.

## Disclaimer

This demonstration is not an officially supported Google product.

## License

Unless otherwise specified, all content is owned by Google, LLC and released
with the Apache license.
